family What's up How are we doing Well back
home since
yesterday I owe an apology Okay I've already
put it in the title I apologize
because yesterday I promised also with a lot of
hype in fact even for the TR that I
put some colleagues wrote to me
What happened what happened what do
you have to say and I promised that I was going to
return to the live shows that there would be
long live shows in addition to TV gossip and
long live shows in addition to the salsería I have to
put on absolutely everything but
yesterday when I got home well the
first thing we did was for the children and
the dog and so on and my mother made me
some chips with egg that I was
crazy to eat something like that something very Spanish
okay a lot of chips with egg or
potato omelette I didn't care a
potato omelette today I would be
divine eh But anyway when I got
home which will be 4 or 5 in the afternoon
things like that right after the premiere of the
main Channel I got a Mor
incredible girl we are talking about that the
last day in Hong Kong was an absolute
beating because it was brutal says
Lorena I have lost weight on the trip no no it's not that
from Hong Kong with the slopes
the stairs was horrible the last
day was a drag okay
also we did it consciously to get on
the plane tired and fall asleep
which was uncomfortable and all and then the 15
hour flight was eternal when the
flight ended after 15
hours 15 hours yes it is true that
you go to sleep and no but 15 hours
my goodness when it landed I said go and [ __ ]
the [ __ ] plane
and then 5 hours of driving to
get home not to Seville So
nothing incredible the trip was brutal but
when I got home I fell I said I'm going to
sleep a little before the live and you
couldn't wake me up no I mean it hurt
Everything was like
crushed I couldn't I couldn't in fact I didn't
even tell Elena and the lne so I
told her to please
tell them okay crushed crushed
crushed And I woke up today at
around 7 in the morning so I
slept eh I slept now I'm more
refreshed  I just took a shower
now I'm going to go I'm going to go have
breakfast some toast with
ham and and we're going to run some errands I'm going to the
barber I'm going to go to the barber
to fix my beard a little bit, my hair
and everything because I'm a little bit sick of it to
wash the car anyway I'm going to be an allopath I'm on the
allopath now at 10:30 so I'm going to a
little bit to get a little bit in the mood
no and to be at my best and to come back
to myself no to my being and and tonight yes yes
tonight yes yes there are both
live shows okay I don't know I think I'm going to
start it around 9 the one with Teresa to the SEO
because Alanne FJ Elena and
Carmen from Teleindiscreta are going to be
with me to catch up on everything
that's been going on because the thing is I don't know almost
anything I mean except for a little bit that I
saw on Twitter and something that I saw on the
plane because I paid for the WiFi I didn't find
out much eh Let's see they told me that
those obsessed with me who  they've been
as if I were here in Seville or
literally as if I were here in
Seville as if I hadn't
gone every day on me preparing
things on me eh Anyway, not those things that
I already expected a bit and that
Well, when I get back I'll probably
give them a bit of a life so I'm happy
about it but apparently they've told me that it
's very heavy they've told me that it's very
heavy that I should look at everything myself the last thing I
heard about the
fryer issue for example the
last was when we were on the way to
Madrid about the flight no,
Loli Huerta was screaming waters you disgusting filthy [ __ ]
No, if your mother is dead let
the worms eat her and there was this
call that I made to the flight on the
way to Madrid arriving at the airport and
there I stayed eh I
've seen some things on Twitter but almost
nothing I say almost nothing because the
rooming hasn't worked out for us eh We haven't
had internet and I've hardly been connected at all
and that's been good for me because we
really had to be aware
of the experience and hey, it's not bad
disconnect and now find yourself as if you're back in the
world, it's not like
when you're there it's like you're
yeah uh in a completely
different multiverse we're talking about the other
theme of the planet so well I've
said it okay Alanne is coming and all
my collaborators are coming to bring me up to
date on the heart issue Well there are three or
four important issues like Diego
Arrabal's thing Rosa
Benito's thing something about Antonio David over there
too we're going to go over it okay we'll
compile it now in the afternoon we'll
go over it
and these people will be bringing me up to date and they're
going to show me videos and so on and
then at the salsería when we finish Well
I'll spend the night there as long as it
takes to catch up on
everything
eh I have to tell you that I knew about
some of the participants in the evening okay
several also I knew several and of the
well I knew several okay But I couldn't
say it
because because it was selling to the people
who told me and so on and it was It was
a good exclusive but the truth in
this in this occasion the little
secret that they had told me weighed more no but
well brutal brutal brutal the  The evening
promises to be a lot of gossip, at least I don't
know if there will be good fights, but at
least there will be gossip. We will be
commenting on that and on some
controversies because Dallas was, yes, I
was in contact with him while I
was at the sanctuary, but regarding the
animals and the sanctuary, no, he
was asking me how I was doing and all that, but I have
n't spoken to him about gossip at all,
but I'm on Twitter and he says the guy
has gone on that live show and has been
giving a lot of gossip. So we'll be
watching some things there, so
nothing. Today we'll see each other. Today I'm returning to
real life again. It makes me very sad, to be
honest. In part, yes, we were really
looking forward to going back, we were crazy to
see the children, eh, we were crazy
yesterday with the desire for that
reunion and on the other hand,
now when I'm watching this morning I
saw the last video that
Dallas and Lisy uploaded, they appear in the same
room as us, we were with the
otters, they were babies, oh, they baptize
Dalsy and it made me very nostalgic.  I've
missed I've missed Plexi a little bit
today okay I'm not going to tell you
many things about the series because there's
still like half left okay today there's no
episode because of me because yesterday
since I fell asleep I didn't send it to him Ed thinking right
now but oh well but the thing is that I couldn't I
couldn't wake up and look it's
been good for the editor also to
rest for a day you know because
the guy is at full capacity eh and by the way now I'll have to
organize myself so that the
other Editors do the
newscasts and stuff like that no
eh but today there's no episode of the
sanctuary on the main channel today there isn't
because like yesterday I was already dead
Well I haven't sent it to him it cost me my
life because the truth is the Mac the laptop
the Apple one has been the worst thing I could
buy to work and And the truth is
that it was a [ __ ] pain and it caused problems
uh sending the videos from the GoPro to the
laptop to send it to the editor
and and it was a pain and and I had to
manage as best I could to send him those six
episodes that you've had already I think  there have
been six not the ones that they have had already
not six episodes that you have had already let's say I
had to juggle
to send it all because there were
files left in the camera I don't know what and I say
Look as soon as it arrives I'll send you
everything organized by episode and I haven't been
able to so well I hope that
now when we run a couple of
errands I'll eat the toast with ham what an
allopath I'll send it I'll send it all
the rest of the series I'll be able to tell you
how many episodes are left and the editor will do it
And also I am very
calm and happy because eh something that
worried me was if the series was going to
work or not we are talking about that
man I am aware that my
content is gossip no and gossip
both in telesalseo and in the salsería
no and and not being a controversial content
a current topic no and such no but it
was a series of my own
visiting Fran's sanctuary well I
was afraid look you see I said that as soon as it
reaches 20 30,000 visits I get
a  I'm singing in my teeth and they're reaching
100,000 all the episodes you're
loving it people are putting a lot
of clicks on Twitter
eh brutal brutal And there's still more Well I would
say more or less half of the series
what came out yesterday which was
the meerkats was the first day no it's not
the second day but it's the first
video how is the second day but the
first
video what came out yesterday of the meerkats
is the second day Of course we're going with
other clothes
mmm I wanted to stop the first one at
night look you know we record
a lot no Because also
eh it's been seen in a video the end of the
first day that you start watching to see to
see really really really yes what
happens is that I don't know if the episodes
are literally ordered
chronologically bu ordered
chronologically no but more or less that it
makes sense you know but there's some
little thing that gets in the way such and such
because it made more sense in the series
but yes Well then it's there and you
have it literally half of the
series is missing in fact I  I would say the last
day of the last the last half
the second half eh is stronger because
when I have a conflict with
some animals Fran also
took us to the jungle the last day yes there are
several videos so literally you
still have material you are liking it and you
still have not seen the hard part the
hard part and then as I promised you If it
worked and as it has worked then there is going
to be an
extra episode of Disneyland Oh that one that
video is going to be It is going to be just one I am not
going to divide it obviously Although it is
very long it will surely be a
long video of I know 40 minutes I have no
idea how long it will last okay because we are not going
to do an episode of Disneyland but it is
going to be a video showing
Disneyland Hong Kong and you are going to love it
you are going to love it because it was very
beautiful the truth was it was very beautiful and that is going to
be ads we have made it with all the
love in the world Yes Yes and it was also very
beautiful I am not going to I am not going to give you
spoilers I am not going to tell you what
animals I had conflict with
eh bites bites whatever no  I'm
going to tell you nothing worth it because you have to
see it in the series as
the series goes by because
we'll talk about it directly. Okay and nothing I think
I have nothing else to comment on
eh Fran, nonsense both Fran and
Cristina and wonderful. Well, in the
farewell of in The farewell of the
sanctuary, well, I already marked a plex no and I
went to the lake and I did a little bit
of reflection there and so on. And I
have also told him, I mean, I will never be
grateful enough for this
experience eh I subscribe to all the
words that said so much plex when it was
like the Dallas that I was watching today the
last video where where he said it and
liis not a wonderful human being, I mean one
of the best human beings that I have
met in my life and that I have
met a lot of people. He gives everything
absolutely everything I mean
not everything, he gives you everything, everything that he has, he
gives it to you okay, literally there were times when I was
already embarrassed to need
something okay because it is that running I did like
this p and you had it Lorena liked
a flower she had a bouquet Lorena damn
when I had the problem of sending the  the
photo from the camera to the laptop he wanted to
give me a laptop no it was like
horrible s helpful he gives you everything
super
good how is he with the animals I mean
because it's clear we see him
fighting with the allies and with a lot
of riffraff on Twitter who deserve to be
treated like Fran treats them but
it's how he is with the animals and
animals with animals with him that's the
same to you as soon as you arrive and see how
the animals are with him it's what he's harvested
from what he's raised them okay I mean and
how he treats them of course he has the hedgehog
like a puppy I mean the Hedgehog listens to him
like a dog comes and goes No no it's that as soon as he
saw him as soon as he
saw him he left He went for him and got
between his legs then all the
animals no all the all the mafia there
that he has in the in the jungle The Mafia
I call the otters eh the goats and
the two bulls that are chasing
Fran all over the sanctuary as if
that were the star not of Holy Week
eh brutal V I have  since I've realized
that in the comments they ask you
a lot about doggy I'm not going to be a spoiler I'm
not going to be a spoiler you watch the
whole series and and and that's it I also
know I know I know that they ask me a lot it's
normal it's normal already already it's normal but I'm
not going to do a spoiler okay
HM Cristina that I also told her she
gains a lot in short distances yes
eh I didn't expect that I was going to like her too, I
mean eh relating to
her she gains a lot I mean she gains a lot in
person girl also a very good person I
also like her a lot the truth and
not that I didn't dislike her before but but
I didn't expect that I was going to like her so much she's
a little peculiar too Tena Of course
I had my doubts that maybe she was going to
be nicer more tacky but but
also She loves animals yes She
loves animals especially
Turtles eh she's s nice she makes you laugh she
has many interesting conversations
I mean eh When we were doing she's a very
intelligent aunt eh Very intelligent when
we were doing the paths that we have done to
see is that from the airport to the sanctuary there
are three  hours then to the jungle that we
went There were four of them and at night we would
go out a lot to go eat and
so on it wasn't always the hours would fly by
because we were talking talking talking
and laughing and such I don't really
have anything bad to say about the
trip absolutely nothing bad at all eh
Nothing then Hong Kong is incredible too
the only bad thing is the many hours of
flight but
the only bad thing is that it's so far away and
man now I feel a little
sorry that they're so far away and
you can't go more often I feel a little
sorry when I saw the video of
Dallas today because since I
got up early I started watching the
video and the one of
Dallas came on which I hadn't seen that
last one and I hadn't realized Maybe it
comes from the waves but I hadn't
seen the video in which they say
goodbye eh And when I saw them in the
room in our room with the
otters with the plei that you who are going
directly just as you are going they are already
encouraging you and that Li told him the same thing
directly when you are walking already
you're watching the capí to the east the other the
other and and already at the door in the door
of the room the animals are waiting for you
crazy it's beautiful too because
you wake up in the morning and you open the
door and Plexi comes with his drama of
hugging your
leg and without his drama no and then you
see crazy out there super then you
see crazy on the road of course and the
truth is I feel a little sad I feel a little
nostalgic I miss him a
little uh a little bit I miss him
the truth But well uh there's the
sanctuary and Hey no I'm not ruling anything out I'm not ruling
anything out guys what I said okay
tonight we'll see each other live a lot of
things to talk about a lot of things to
talk about there have been a couple of Well a couple a
couple of couples there have been a couple of couples
both in te salsa as in the salsería
eh of topics that we can't leave unspoken
okay
eh There are also the usual ones that I don't
sado arm in arm which is like man I mean
I'm in Thailand I'm in China I'm
in Disneyland I'm doing a series
that has absolutely nothing to  see
with the gossip and there is the series
triumphing I am living a
crazy experience I mean I don't even remember
these things and and you are dreaming
of me tens of thousands of
kilometers away not incredible but well that
is eh what has to be relevant no
guys see you later or cut finally
and